Please create a new text file called JavaBasicsVocabCheck and answer the following questions.  When done, please upload the file to Moodle.

    What is a variable?
	A variable is a stored piece of information of a variety of different types(But obly one type at a time).
    What is a variable declaration?
	A variable declaration is when the program is told the name of the variable and what type of variable ( int, String, etc.) it will be.
    What is a variable assignment?
	When the variable is set equal to a given value, either numerical or otherwise.
    Can I declare and assign a variable on the same line?
	Yes.
    Can a method return more than one value?
	No.
    What return type is must be declared for methods that do not return a value?
	void.
    How are code blocks marked in Java?
	With {}, what we have referred to in class as 'curly braces'.
    What makes up a method's signature?
	4 parts 1. access (we used public so far) 2. (we use static, not yet entirely sure what this step means to be honest)
		3. return type - the type of variable or boolean (we use int, String, void etc.) you would like the method to return.
		4. the name of the method followed by ().
    What is a method parameter?
	The information that will be fed into the method to be manipulated withing the method's code.
    How many parameters can a method have?
	As many as you would like.
    Do all of the parameters for a method have to be of the same type?
	No.
    What does the import keyword do?
	Allows the program to access code for a specific purpose, be it a randomizer, or the scanner.
    What is the naming convention for Java classes?
	Capital - camel case thereafter.
    What is the naming convention for Java variables?
	lower case - camel case thereafter.
    What is the naming convention for Java methods?
	lower case - camel case thereafter follwer by ().
    What is a method body?
	essentially the code of the method, located within the {} curly braces.
    What is an array?
	A block of information stored in a specified number of numbered slots which are referred to as elements.
    When is it better to use a for loop over a while loop?
	When you would like the loop to run a number of times through, and that number needs to be much more flexible rather than set as with 		a while loop.
    What is the difference between a while loop and a do/while loop?
	A do loop will always run through AT LEAST once, a while loop will only run if the parameters are met.
    What is a switch statement?
	A statement dependent on a variable or boolean that will change how the program runs.
    What is scope?
	Refers to the places in a program a specific variable can be accessed; The program can read out, but not in for example.

